PSO2TCG 19-01-20
plugins/PSO2TCG/version.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/version.txt
plugins/PSO2TCG/plugininfo.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/plugininfo.txt
plugins/PSO2TCG/changelog.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/changelog.txt
plugins/PSO2TCG/pluginpreferences.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/pluginpreferences.txt
plugins/PSO2TCG/bot.jpg https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/bot.jpg
plugins/PSO2TCG/images/Phase1.jpg https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/images/Phase1.jpg
plugins/PSO2TCG/images/Phase2.jpg https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/images/Phase2.jpg
plugins/PSO2TCG/images/Phase3.jpg https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/images/Phase3.jpg
plugins/PSO2TCG/images/Phase4.jpg https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/images/Phase4.jpg
plugins/PSO2TCG/images/Phase5.jpg https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/images/Phase5.jpg
plugins/PSO2TCG/images/Phase6.jpg https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/images/Phase6.jpg
plugins/PSO2TCG/sounds/0.wav https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sounds/0.wav
plugins/PSO2TCG/sounds/1.wav https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sounds/1.wav
plugins/PSO2TCG/sounds/2.wav https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sounds/2.wav
plugins/PSO2TCG/sounds/3.wav https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sounds/3.wav
plugins/PSO2TCG/sounds/4.wav https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sounds/4.wav
plugins/PSO2TCG/sounds/5.wav https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sounds/5.wav
plugins/PSO2TCG/sounds/6.wav https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sounds/6.wav
plugins/PSO2TCG/sounds/7.wav https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sounds/7.wav
plugins/PSO2TCG/sounds/8.wav https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sounds/8.wav
plugins/PSO2TCG/sounds/9.wav https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sounds/9.wav
plugins/PSO2TCG/sounds/Phase1.wav https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sounds/Phase1.wav
plugins/PSO2TCG/sounds/Phase2.wav https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sounds/Phase2.wav
plugins/PSO2TCG/sounds/Phase3.wav https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sounds/Phase3.wav
plugins/PSO2TCG/sounds/Phase4.wav https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sounds/Phase4.wav
plugins/PSO2TCG/sounds/Phase5.wav https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sounds/Phase5.wav
plugins/PSO2TCG/sounds/Phase6.wav https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sounds/Phase6.wav
plugins/PSO2TCG/sounds/welcome.wav https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sounds/welcome.wav
plugins/PSO2TCG/sounds/gg.wav https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sounds/gg.wav
plugins/PSO2TCG/sounds/no.wav https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sounds/no.wav
plugins/PSO2TCG/sounds/yes.wav https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sounds/yes.wav
plugins/PSO2TCG/sounds/ok.wav https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sounds/ok.wav
plugins/PSO2TCG/sounds/heads.wav https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sounds/heads.wav
plugins/PSO2TCG/sounds/tails.wav https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sounds/tails.wav
plugins/PSO2TCG/sounds/lol.wav https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sounds/lol.wav
plugins/PSO2TCG/sounds/done.wav https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sounds/done.wav
plugins/PSO2TCG/sounds/hi.wav https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sounds/hi.wav
plugins/PSO2TCG/sounds/wow.wav https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sounds/wow.wav
plugins/PSO2TCG/sounds/wtf.wav https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sounds/wtf.wav
plugins/PSO2TCG/sounds/yay.wav https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sounds/yay.wav
plugins/PSO2TCG/sounds/pop.wav https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sounds/pop.wav
plugins/PSO2TCG/sounds/done.wav https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sounds/done.wav
plugins/PSO2TCG/sounds/attack.wav https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sounds/attack.wav
plugins/PSO2TCG/sets/setimages/general/cardback.jpg https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sets/general/cardback.jpg
images/backgrounds/PSO.png https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/images/PSO.png
plugins/PSO2TCG/sets/CardData20A.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sets/CardDataLegend.txt
plugins/PSO2TCG/sets/CardDataBo1.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sets/CardDataStructure.txt
plugins/PSO2TCG/sets/CardDataBo2.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sets/CardDataVol1-1.txt
plugins/PSO2TCG/sets/CardDataBo3.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sets/CardDataVol1-2.txt
plugins/PSO2TCG/sets/CardDataBo4.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sets/CardDataVol1-3.txt
plugins/PSO2TCG/sets/CardDataBo5.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sets/CardDataVol2-1.txt
plugins/PSO2TCG/sets/CardDataBo6.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sets/CardDataVol2-2.txt
CardGeneralURLs:
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/PSO2TCG/master/sets/general/
